Removes any mention of Qatar in the library (#114)
Arabian-vACC/library: docs/foundations/vmats_p2/contingency.md

- Once radar is restored, verify all targets against position reports before resuming standard surveillance-based separation.

## 17.3 CPDLC/Surveillance Failure

> Although CPDLC is not yet operational within the Emirates and Muscat FIRs, sector files are CPDLC-ready. If using Hoppie or simulated CPDLC services and a failure occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although CPDLC is not yet operational within the Emirates and Muscat FIRs, sector files are CPDLC-ready. If using Hoppie's ACARS or simulated CPDLC services and a failure occurs:
```
